Document Fusion compatibility for Oracle storage (#5495)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/fusion.md

```groovy
aws.region = '<YOUR_REGION>'
aws.accessKey = '<YOUR_ACCESS_KEY>'
aws.secretKey = '<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>'
aws.client.endpoint = 'https://<YOUR_BUCKET_NAMESPACE>.compat.objectstorage.<YOUR_REGION>.oraclecloud.com'
aws.client.s3PathStyleAccess = true
aws.client.protocol = 'https'
aws.client.signerOverride = 'AWSS3V4SignerType'
docker.enabled = true
docker.containerOptions = '-e FUSION_AWS_REGION=<YOUR_REGION>'
fusion.enabled = true
fusion.exportStorageCredentials = true
wave.enabled = true
tower.accessToken = '<YOUR_PLATFORM_ACCESS_TOKEN>' // optional
```

Then you can run your pipeline using the following command:

```bash
nextflow run <YOUR_PIPELINE> -work-dir s3://<YOUR_BUCKET>/scratch
```

In the above snippet replace `<YOUR_ACCESS_KEY>` / `<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>` with your [Customer Secret Key](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Identity/Tasks/managingcredentials.htm#Working2) and `<YOUR_BUCKET_NAMESPACE>` / `<YOUR_REGION>` with the namespace and region of your bucket.

:::{warning}
The `fusion.exportStorageCredentials` option leaks the Oracle credentials to the Nextflow task launcher script and should only be used for development purposes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::

```

This option should only be used for development purposes.
:::

### Local execution with Oracle Object Storage

> Fusion file system and Nextflow can be used with [Oracle Object Storage](https://www.oracle.com/es/cloud/storage/object-storage/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fusion file system and Nextflow can be used with [Oracle Object Storage](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/storage/object-storage/)
```

> relying on the S3-like API compatibility provided by Oracle storage.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
They rely on the S3-like API compatibility provided by Oracle storage.
```

> This configuration requires the use of Docker (or similar container engine) for the execution of your pipeline tasks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This configuration requires the execution of your pipeline tasks using Docker or a similar container engine.
```

> The following configuration should be added in your Nextflow configuration file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following should be included in your Nextflow configuration file:
```

```groovy
aws.region = 'ca-toronto-1'
aws.accessKey = '<YOUR_ACCESS_KEY>'
aws.secretKey = '<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>'
aws.client.endpoint = 'https://yz9o8ju9eifn.compat.objectstorage.ca-toronto-1.oraclecloud.com'
aws.client.s3PathStyleAccess = true
aws.client.protocol = 'https'
aws.client.signerOverride = 'AWSS3V4SignerType'
docker.enabled = true
docker.containerOptions = '-e FUSION_AWS_REGION=ca-toronto-1'
fusion.enabled = true
fusion.exportStorageCredentials = true
wave.enabled = true
tower.accessToken = '<your platform access token>' // optional
```

Then you can run your pipeline using the following command:

```bash

> nextflow run <YOUR PIPELINE> -work-dir s3://<YOUR BUCKET>/scratch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
nextflow run <YOUR_PIPELINE> -work-dir s3://<YOUR_BUCKET>/scratch
```

```

> Replace `<YOUR PIPELINE>` and `<YOUR BUCKET>` with a pipeline script and bucket or your choice, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace `<YOUR_PIPELINE>` and `<YOUR_BUCKET>` with a pipeline script and bucket or your choice, for example:
```

```bash
nextflow run https://github.com/nextflow-io/rnaseq-nf -work-dir s3://nextflow-ci/scratch
```

> Also, replace the region `ca-toronto-1` with the one matching your Oracle deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, replace `YOUR_ACCESS_KEY` / `YOUR_SECRET_KEY` with your [Customer Secret Key](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Identity/Tasks/managingcredentials.htm#Working2). And `YOUR_BUCKET_NAMESPACE` / `YOUR_REGION` with the namespace and region of your bucket.
```

:::{warning}

> The option `fusion.exportStorageCredentials` leaks the Oracle credentials on the task launcher script created by Nextflow.
> This option should only be used for development purposes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `fusion.exportStorageCredentials` option leaks the Oracle credentials to the Nextflow task launcher script and should only be used for development purposes.
```
